
1) Udemy: The Coding Interview Bootcamp: Algorithms + Data Structure 13 hours (May)

Author:Stephen Grider Engineering Architect
	Stephen Grider has been building complex Javascript front ends for top corporations in the San Francisco Bay Area. With an innate ability to simplify complex topics, Stephen has been
	mentoring engineers beginning their careers in software development for years, and has now expanded that experience onto Udemy, authoring the highest rated React course. He teaches on Udemy
	to share the knowledge he has gained with other software engineers. Invest in yourself by learning from Stephen's published courses.

		If you're nervous about your first coding interview, or anxious about applying to your next job, this is the course for you.  I got tired of interviewers asking tricky questions that can only be answered if you've seen the problem before, so I made this course!  This video course will teach you the most common interview questions that you'll see in a coding interview, giving you the tools you need to ace your next whiteboard interview.
		Coding interviews are notoriously intimidating, but there is one method to become a better interviewer - and that is practice!  Practicing dozens of interview questions is what makes the difference between a job offer for a $120k USD and another rejection email.  This course is going to not only give you dozens of questions to practice on, but it will also make sure you understand the tricks behind solving each question, so you’ll be able to perform in a real interview.
		I have spent many hours combing through interview questions asked at Google, Facebook, and Amazon to make sure you know how to answer questions asked by the most well-paying companies out there.  No stone is left unturned, as we discuss everything from the simplest questions all the way to the most complex algorithm questions.
		In this course, you'll get:
		Clear, well-diagramed explanations for every single problem to make sure you understand the solution
		An overview of the most important data structures to know about.  These are presented for people without a CS degree.
		A huge collection of common algorithm questions, including everything from 'reversing a string' to 'determine the width of a BST'
		Sensible strategies for tackling systems design problems
		Insider tips on answering what interviewers area really looking for
		Constant support on the Udemy Q&A forums from me!
		My goal in this course is to help you defeat those interviewers who ask nasty algorithm questions.  Sign up today, and be the cutting edge engineer who will be prepared to get a high paying job
		What are the requirements?
		Basic understanding of Javascript
		What am I going to get from this course?
		Master commonly asked interview questions
		Tackle common data structures used in web development
		Practice dozens of different challenges
		Use Javascript to solve challenging algorithms

2) Udemy: Spring Tutorial (May)

3) The complete beginner JavaScript ES5, ES6 and JQuery Course 20 Hours
	Instructor Coding Revolution
	Professional Instructor and Web Developer.
	I started long time ago when the internet fever was starting to appear.I began with programming to create websites for my personal projects but but after a while people started to contact me to develop their websites, funny how everything worked out.
	I worked with technologies such as PHP, Wordpress, Laravel, NodeJS, Phyton and many other languages, but today I like to work with JavaScript based tech like React, Angular or VueJS. Yes I am JavaScript Lover :)
	Build a lots of applications for very small companies and pretty huge ones like Citi, Fox, Disney, Roche and many others.
	But besides developing, I like to interact with people by teaching what I love.
	
	Master JavaScript and start building rich webpages and applications.
		JavaScript is the most used language in the world to build Web-Pages and applications. Today the most popular frameworks and MVC'S are JavaScript based, so you need to master javascript to create a project with today's standards.
		In this course...
		We will start from the very beginning. From "..I Don't know what JavaScript is..." to actually build a few applications and debug code. We will divide this journey together in different modules, where we are going to be increasing the difficulty as we advance through the course.
		After each module we will do some exercises and then together we will review how I solved the exercises. 
		Since I believe that the best way to learn its by coding, at the end of the course, we will create three real life applications from the very start, and as we advance in time, I will be adding more project so can practice something new.
		To sum everything you will learn in this course, we will learn:
		.The very basics of javascript. Variables, Operators, Array, Objects, Functions, Loops, Control structures.
	We will learn how to manipulate the screen with the DOM, Events, Listeners, creating elements, Inserting elements and more.
	When we hit the advanced sections, we are gonna go deep intro Array, Objects, Prototypes, Functions so you can code like the professional do.
	We will do exercises and at the end we will put everything in practice to build three real life applications.
	And of course we will cover bonus features like Requests, other frameworks like Jquery, we will talk about some third party libraries we can use to make our code better.
	ES6, we will talk about most of the tools and updated ES6 provides.
	What about the instructor experience ?
	Well I've been around for 10 years now, built lots of applications for small projects and big companies like Citi,Fox, Dysney and a lot more.
	Today I work as developer for a major company developing applications in React or Angular mostly, but I like to teach in my spare time.

4) Udemy: The Complete JavaScript Course 2018: Build Real Projects!  26.5 hours
		Master JavaScript with the most complete course on the market! Projects, challenges, quizzes, ES6+, OOP, AJAX, Webpack
	Author: Jonas Schmedtmann Web Developer, Designer, and Teacher
	
	Hi, I'm Jonas! I have been identified as one of Udemy's Top Instructors and all my premium courses have recently earned the best-selling status for outstanding performance and student satisfaction.
	I'm a web designer and developer with a great passion for building beautiful new things from scratch. I've been building websites since 2007 and also have a Master's degree in Engineering.
	it was in college where I first discovered my passion for teaching and helping others by sharing my knowledge. And that passion brought me to Udemy, where my students really appreciate that I take the time to explain important concepts in a way that everyone can easily understand.
	Do you want to learn how to build awesome websites with advanced HTML and CSS?
	Want to know how to make your websites look beautiful and professional?
	Looking for a complete JavaScript course that takes you from beginner to advanced developer?
	Then enrol in my courses today and join 320,000+ happy students. If I had to describe each of my courses in one sentence, I would say “This is exactly the course I wish I had when I first started building websites".
	So if you don't want to go through all the books and thousands of online articles and tutorials like I did, then enrol in my course today! I will be very happy to share my knowledge with you, and help you with everything I can along the way.
	
	Excellent course. Jonas explains the core concepts in javascript that are usually glossed over in other courses. And he does it in a manner that is clear and concise." — John Collins
	Do you want to learn the number #1 programming language that powers the internet?
	Are you tired of wasting your time and money on random youtube videos or JavaScript courses that are either too simple, or too difficult to follow?
	Or are you struggling to deeply understand and apply JavaScript to real projects?
	If your answer is a big YES... Then this is exactly the course you are looking for!
	So what is the course about?
		This is a truly complete JavaScript course, that goes beyond what other JavaScript courses out there teach you. 
		I will take you from a complete JavaScript beginner to an advanced developer. You will not just learn the JavaScript language itself, you will also learn how to program. How to solve problems. How to structure and organize code using common JavaScript patterns.
		Come with me on a journey with the goal of truly understanding the JavaScript language. And I explain everything on the way with great detail!
		You will learn "why" something works in JavaScript, not just "how". Because in the modern JavaScript world of today, you need more than just knowing how something works. You need to debug code, you need to understand code, you need to be able to think about code.
		To achieve our goal together, the course contains coding sessions, coding challenges, theory lectures, real-world projects and a final course exam.
		This course is different because it's not just about writing code, it's also about how and why code works the way it does. Because it's the perfect mix between theory and practice. Because it focuses not only on small coding examples, but also on real-world projects and use cases. 
		So, by the end of the course, you will be a capable JavaScript developer, able to write, understand and debug JavaScript code using all the powerful features the language offers to us.
		Here is exactly what we cover in this course:

		• All the JavaScript and programming fundamentals: things like variables, data types, boolean logic, if/else statements, loops, functions, objects, arrays, and more.
		• Everything you need to know in order to gain a deep understanding of how JavaScript works behind the scenes: execution contexts, hoisting, scoping, the 'this' keyword, and more.
		• How to make JavaScript code interact with webpages: DOM manipulation. Learn how to select and change webpage elements, create new elements and handle DOM events.
		• Complex JavaScript features such as function constructors, prototypal inheritance, first-class functions, closures, the bind and apply methods, and more.
		• We are going to code 3 beautiful real-world apps to apply our knowledge and learn new concepts (I provide the starter HTML and CSS code for these projects).
		• Learn how to organize and structure your code using modules and functions, how to create data privacy and encapsulation, and why that's so important.
		• What's new in the most modern version of JavaScript: new features of ES6 / ES2015.
		• Asynchronous JavaScript: the event loop, promises, async/await, AJAX calls and APIs.
		• Modern JavaScript in 2018: Learn how to set up a modern development workflow with NPM, Webpack, Babel and ES6 modules.
		
5) Udemy: Build Responsive Real World Websites with HTML5 and CSS3 12 hours

		The easiest way to learn modern web design, HTML5 and CSS3 step-by-step from scratch. Design AND code a huge project.
		
		Author: Jonas Schmedtmann Web Developer, Designer, and Teacher
		
		• Easy-to-follow and hands-on web development with HTML5, CSS3 and some jQuery.
		• The proven 7 real-world steps from complete scratch to a fully functional and optimized website.
		• Simple-to-use web design guidelines and tips to make your website stand out from the crowd.
		• How to get and use images, fonts and icons to make your website shine — all for free.
		• Responsive web design: learn how to create websites that work beautifully on all screen sizes.
		• How to use jQuery for super cool effects like animations, scroll effects and "sticky" navigation.
		• How to optimize your website for good speed performance and for search engines (SEO).
		• How to launch your website for the world to see it.
			
		
6) Udemy: Bootstrap 4 From Scratch With 5 Projects 11.5 hours

		Author: Brad Traversy  Full Stack Web Developer & Instructor at Traversy Media
		
		About: Brad Traversy has been programming for around 12 years and teaching for almost 5 years. He is the owner of Traversy Media which is a successful web development YouTube channel and specializes in everything from HTML5 
		to front end frameworks like Angular as well as server side technologies like Node.js, PHP and Python. Brad has mastered explaining very complex topics in a simple manner that is very understandable. Invest in your
		knowledge by watching Brad's courses.
		
		Description: This course will literally take you from knowing nothing about Bootstrap 3 or 4 to learning all of the utilities, components, widgets and grids and building real world themes and websites. You do NOT need to know
		Bootstrap 3 for this course. Even if you already know Bootstrap 4, skip the learning sections and head right for section 6 to create the simple boiler theme and start the projects. Everything is completely modular!
		Custom Bootstrap Sandbox
			I have created a completely custom HTML learning environment for the first few sections of this course. Each lecture has an html page associated with it and has a start state. As we move along through the lectures, you code along with me learning all that Bootstrap 4 offers including helpers/utilities, components, widgets, flexbox and more.
			5 Real Projects/Themes
			We will create 5 real world themes including. These projects are completely open source and you are free to use them anywhere.
			LoopLap - A social UI Theme
			Mizuxe - A Book/Product Showcase Theme (Sass Project)
			Blogen - A blog admin area UI
			Glozzom - A multi page theme with a carousel and some 3rd party scripts
			Portfoligrid - A portfolio theme using the grid, flexbox and the collapse widget
			
			What are the requirements?
			You should have basic knowledge of HTML & CSS
			You do NOT need to know any Bootstrap 3
			What am I going to get from this course?
			Learn and create amazing high quality Bootstrap 4 themes and UIs from scratch
			Learn the Bootstrap 4 utilities, classes, components & JS widgets using a custom sandbox environment
			Learn semantic HTML5 & modern CSS3 techniques
			Learn to compile Sass in the easiest way possible using a GUI
			
			What is the target audience?
			Anyone that wants to learn & master Bootstrap 4.1.x and build real world themes

7) Udemy: Understanding TypeScript:  7 hours
		Don't limit the Usage of TypeScript to Angular 2! Learn the Basics, its Features, Workflows and how to use it!
		
		Author: Maximilian Schwarzmüller
		
		Description: Most People know TypeScript from Angular 2. It's the Language you have to use there, right? It's more than that! Learn what TypeScript is, why it really is a powerful Addition to JavaScript, 
		what its Features are and how to use it! And whilst doing so, also understand what you're actually doing in your Angular 2 Code.This Course takes you from the very Basics and its most important Feature (Types!)
		to the Point where you're able to use TypeScript in any of your Projects. ReactJS Projects included!
		As TypeScript is developed by Microsoft and strongly advertised used by Angular 2 (Google), it's here to stay. 
		Gain an Edge today and be amongst the First to really understand TypeScript!
		A Journey into the Future
		As TypeScript code can be compiled to ES5, you'll be amazed by the many next-gen Features you can start using Today. Be it ES6 Features like Destructuring or Arrow Functions, Decorators, Generics and Interfaces or Modules - TypeScript has them all!
		In this Course, we'll not stop after the Basics. You will learn about more advanced Features and also how to set up Workflows with TypeScript. This includes a TypeScript-only Workflow as well as Workflows using Gulp or Webpack.
		You'll also learn that you're not limited to Angular 2 or plain JavaScript/ TypeScript Projects. A complete Module covers how to use TypeScript with ReactJS to benefit from its Features, there, too.
		Practice what you Learn
		Watching Videos is a great Way to Learn. And to a lot of Students, it's the best Way. If you also want to practice the Things you learn, this Course offers you Exercises (and Solutions) in many of the Course Modules.
		So much Content!
		I'm not a Fan of these Courses which teach you the Basics and then leave you alone. In this Course you'll get insights into:

		Types and how to use them
		How the TypeScript Compiler works
		ES6 Features in TypeScript
		Classes in TypeScript
		Namespaces and Modules
		Interfaces
		Generics
		Decorators
		How to integrate Third-Party JavaScript Libraries into your TypeScript Project
		How to integrate TypeScript into your Gulp or Webpack Workflow
		Or how to set up a plain-TypeScript Workflow
		How to use TypeScript together with ReactJS
		What are the requirements?

		JavaScript Knowledge is required, though you don't need to be an Expert
		OOP Experience is a Plus but not required
		ES6 Knowledge is a Plus but not required
		What am I going to get from this course?

		Use TypeScript and its Features like Types, ES6 Support, Classes, Modules, Interfaces and much more in any of their Projects
		Understand what TypeScript really is about and how it works
		Why TypeScript offers a real advantage over vanilla JavaScript
		What is the target audience?

		This Course is for every Student who wants to extend his Horizon beyond vanilla JavaScript
		Everyone learning Angular 2 should definitely understand how TypeScript works
	
8) Multithreading and Parallel Computing in Java:(June)
	Multithreading and Concurrent Programming, Parallel Computation and MapReduce in Java
	
	Author:Holczer Balazs
	
	About: Hi!My name is Balazs Holczer. I am from Budapest, Hungary. I am qualified as a physicist. At the moment I am working as a simulation engineer at a multinational company. I have been interested in algorithms and data structures and its implementations especially in Java since university. Later on I got acquainted with machine learning techniques, artificial intelligence, numerical methods and recipes such as solving differential equations, linear algebra, interpolation and extrapolation. These things may prove to be very very important in several fields: software engineering, research and development or investment banking. I have a special addiction to quantitative models such as the Black-Scholes model, or the Merton-model.
	Take a look at my website and join my email list if you are interested in these topics!	
	
9) Udemy: The Complete Node.js Developer Course (2nd Edition)(June) 26.5 hours
		
		Learn Node.js by building real-world applications with Node, Express, MongoDB, Mocha, and more!
			
		Author: I'm Andrew, a full-stack developer living in beautiful Philadelphia!
		
		I launched my first Udemy course in 2014 and had a blast teaching and helping others. Since then, I've launched 3 courses with over 110,000 students and over 18,000 5-star reviews.
		I currently teach JavaScript, React, and Node.
		Before I ever heard about Udemy or thought about teaching, I created a web app development company. I've helped companies of all sizes launch production web applications to their customers. I've had the honor of working with awesome companies like Siemens, Mixergy, and Parkloco.
		I have a Computer Science degree from Temple University, and I've been programming for just over a decade. I love creating, programming, launching, learning, teaching, and biking.
		I can't wait to see you inside one of my courses!
		Author:Rob Percival Web Developer And Teacher
		Hi! I'm Rob. I have a degree in Mathematics from Cambridge University and you might call me a bit of coding geek.
		After building websites for friends and family for fun, I soon learned that web development was a very lucrative career choice. I gave up my successful (and sometimes stressful) job as a teacher to work part time and today, couldn't be happier.
		I'm passionate about teaching kids to code, so every summer I run Code School in the beautiful city of Cambridge. I also run the popular web hosting and design service, Eco Web Hosting which leaves me free to share my secrets with people like you.
		You wouldn't believe the freedom that being a web developer offers. Sign up and find out for yourself why so many people are taking and recommending this course. I genuinely believe it's the best on the market and if you don't agree, I'll happily refund your money.
		Sign up to my courses and join me in this amazing adventure today.
		
	Description:	
	This course was just updated to cover Node version 9 & ES7 Async/Await.
	Have you tried to learn Node before? You start a new course, and the instructor has you installing a bunch of libraries before you even know what Node is or how it works. You eventually get stuck and reach out to the instructor, but you get no reply. You then close the course and never open it again.
	Sound familiar?
	I created this course to be what I wanted when I was learning Node.
	The Complete Node.js Developer Course 2 covers the fundamentals of Node before diving deep into great tools like Express, Mongoose, and MongoDB.
	The entire course is based around a single goal: Turning you into a professional Node developer capable of developing, testing, and deploying real-world production applications.
	The best way to learn Node is by building Node apps.
	From the very start you’ll be programming every project and working through challenges that I’ve designed to reinforce what you’ve learned. This will give you the hands-on experience necessary to be able to create and launch your own project once you’re done.
	You’ll be building four projects:
	A note-taking app to get your feet wet
	A weather application that interacts with Google Maps and Dark Sky API
	A to-do REST API complete with user accounts and authentication
	A real-time chat app with a client-side companion
	By the end, you’ll be able to take what you’ve learned and launch your own Node application.
	When learning, learn the latest.
	I work to keep this course full of the most up-to-date Node material out there. This course is compatible with Node.js version 8, the newest Node version available.
	You’re getting access to hot-off-the-press features.
	Everything you need comes in one easy-to-use package.
	You can stop worrying if you're learning the right skills to build an app or land a new job. I've curated all the tech that's essential to building real-world apps. I've mapped out everything in a comprehensive, easy-to-follow package designed to get you up and running in a few weeks.
	There’s no better time to learn Node.
	According to the 2016 Stack Overflow Survey, Node is in the top ten for back-end popularity and back-end salary, with an average salary of $85k. This means more jobs and more opportunities for you.
	You might get stuck. But I’m here to help.
	There’s nothing worse than getting five hours into a course, getting stuck, and not getting the help you need to continue.
	I’m in the Q&A everyday to help you get unstuck. I reply to every question to get you back on track.
	Don’t take my word for it. Check the reviews and see what other students are saying.
	“Any questions people seem to have are answered swiftly, clearly, and often with examples posted on GitHub. Even when the questions asked are out of the scope of the course Andrew seems to come up trumps." - Adam Tait
	"This is amazing. What's even better is the instructor answered all the questions I asked." - Pak Chu
	"The real value in this course is Andrew;  he is not just a great teacher, but also he's quick to answer questions and provide feedback." - Nick Hester
	I guarantee this is the most up-to-date and engaging Node course available, and it comes with a 30-day money-back guarantee.
	During eight chapters you'll learn:
	Node.js
	Npm
	Asynchronous programming
	ES6/ES7
	MongoDB
	Express
	Socket.IO
	JWT Authentication
	Mongoose
	Application deployment with Heroku
	Version control with Git
	GitHub
	REST API Design
	Code testing
	Debugging
	Mocha
	Many more tools
	I can’t wait to see you on the inside!
	- Andrew

	What are the requirements?

	A computer on which you can install software (Windows, MacOS, or Linux)
	A basic understanding of JavaScript (variables, functions, objects, arrays, if statements)
	What am I going to get from this course?

	Build, test, and launch Node apps
	Create Express web servers and APIs
	Store data with Mongoose and MongoDB
	Use cutting-edge ES6/ES7 JavaScript
	Deploy your Node apps to production
	Create real-time web apps with SocketIO
	What is the target audience?

	Anyone looking to launch their own Node applications, switch careers, or freelance as a Node developer
			

	
10) Udemy:-Angular & NodeJS - The MEAN Stack Guide   (June27 -June29) 21 hours
		Learn how to connect your Angular Frontend to a NodeJS & Express & MongoDB Backend by building a real Application
			
	Author: Maximilian Schwarzmüller Professional Web Developer and Instructor
	Experience as (Web) Developer
	Starting out at the age of 13 I never stopped learning new programming skills and languages. Early I started creating websites for friends and just for fun as well. Besides web development I also explored Python and other non-web-only languages. This passion has since lasted and lead to my decision of working as a freelance web developer and consultant. The success and fun I have in this job is immense and really keeps that passion burningly alive.
	Starting web development on the backend (PHP with Laravel, NodeJS, Python) I also became more and more of a frontend developer using modern frameworks like React, Angular or VueJS 2 in a lot of projects. I love both worlds nowadays!
	As a self-taught developer I had the chance to broaden my horizon by studying Business Administration where I hold a Master's degree. That enabled me to work in a major strategy consultancy as well as a bank. While learning, that I enjoy development more than these fields, the time in this sector greatly improved my overall experience and skills.
	Experience as Instructor
	As a self-taught professional I really know the hard parts and the difficult topics when learning new or improving on already-known languages. This background and experience enables me to focus on the most relevant key concepts and topics. My track record of many 5-star rated courses, more than 300,000 students on Udemy as well as a successful YouTube channel is the best proof for that.
	Whether working as development instructor or teaching Business Administration I always received great feedback. The most rewarding experience is to see how people find new, better jobs, build awesome web applications, acquire amazing projects or simply enjoy their hobby with the help of my content.
	
	Create modern, scalable and high-speed Web Applications with Angular (formerly named Angular 2, now just "Angular") and NodeJS + Express + MongoDB.
	Angular 1 and NodeJS, together with ExpressJS (a NodeJS Framework) and MongoDB formed the very popular MEAN stack. Now is the time to dive into MEAN 2.0 and replace Angular 1 with Angular 2+.
	Benefit from the many improvements and advantages Angular offers you: Speed, ease of development, highly reactive, awesome support for asynchronous operations, great scalability and more!
	And combine these advantages with the power of a NodeJS + Express + MongoDB backend!
	Learn or refresh the Angular Basics!
	This course is no Angular course, but it includes detailed explanations of the core concepts used as well as about Angular in general. However, keep in mind that, as this course is no Angular course, having additional resources like my "Angular - The Complete Guide" course is recommended.
	In this course, Maximilian, experienced web developer as well as author of many 5-star rated Udemy courses and host of the "Academind" coding channel on YouTube, will take you on a hands-on journey to get you to build your own Angular + NodeJS Applications in no time.
	This course follows a hands-on approach, which means that the whole course is structured around one big application and the different concepts will be explained detailedly as they are introduced in this application.
	Specifically, you will learn how to:
	Set up a NodeJS + Express + MongoDB + Angular Application with the help of the Angular CLI
	Use NodeJS and Express efficiently
	Build reusable Components in Angular and create a reactive User Experience with the Tools provided by Angular
	Connect your NodeJS (or any other language!) backend with your Angular App through Angular’s HttpClient service
	Provide appropriate endpoints on your Backend, for your Frontend to consume
	Add advanced features like file upload and pagination
	Make your Application more secure by implementing Users, Authentication as well as Authorization
	Handle Errors gracefully
	And much more...!
	This hands-on concept allows you to not get stuck in the theory, but instantly see real implementation examples!
	Hear what students of other courses as well as viewers of my YouTube channel have to say
	Max has gone through great lengths to create great content and this course has been great. His teaching style covers everything from basic to advanced topics, and his explanations have been thorough on each topic
	Max demonstrates very good knowledge of the subject matter and great enthusiasm in delivering the lectures.
	Max does a wonderful job making the core concepts of Angular approachable and accessible.
	Don’t stop at the basics!
	Do you know those courses which show you a "Hello World“ example and then call it an end? That won’t happen to you in this course. While beginning with a very basic app and basic features, you will quickly be able to incorporate many different Routes, Observables, Events, Authentication and Authorization, Error Handling and much more into your applications.
	The best thing is: You’ll learn all that by putting it into practice immediately! No wall of powerpoint slides, no unrealistic mini-examples – this is the real deal!
	Who should take this course?
	Basic NodeJS/Express and Angular Experience is strongly recommended
	You should be familiar with HTML, CSS and JavaScript basics, too
	MongoDB (+ Mongoose) knowledge is a plus as MongoDB will be used in this course but won’t be subject of in-depth explanations
	NO expert or advanced knowledge on any of these topics is required or assumed
	By the end of this course, you will be able to create your own, awesome NodeJS + Angular applications!
	What are the requirements?
	Concepts behind NodeJS, Express and MongoDB (with Mongoose) will be refreshed in this course but as this course is focused on the connection of these technologies with Angular, basic knowledge about them is strongly recommended
	It is recommended to have beginner-level Angular knowledge, though this course will provided a detailed refresher and will explain the core concepts used in detail
	HTML, CSS and basic JavaScript knowledge is assumed throughout this course
	NO advanced or expert knowledge about any of these topics is assumed or required
	What am I going to get from this course?
	Build real Angular + NodeJS applications
	Understand how Angular works and how it interacts with Backends
	Connect any Angular Frontend with a NodeJS Backend
	Use MongoDB with Mongoose to interact with Data on the Backend
	Use ExpressJS as a NodeJS Framework
	Provide a great user experience by using Optimistic Updating on the Frontend
	Improve any Angular (+ NodeJS) application by adding Error Handling
	What is the target audience?
	This course is for everyone interested in putting existing Angular and NodeJS knowledge into action
	If you're familiar with the basics of Angular and NodeJS, this course provides a detailed guide on how to connect both technologies
	Everyone interested in building a modern, full-stack application
	Students who want to exercise with their NodeJS and Angular skills will find a great opportunity to do so
	
11) Udemy: Java Design Patterns and Architecture(June) 4.5 hrs
	Discover how to use design patterns to structure and simplify your Java program on this FREE Java Tutorial for Beginners
	
	Author: John Purcell Software Development Trainer
	
	After working as a software developer and contractor for over 14 years for a whole bunch of companies including CSC, Proquest, SPSS and AT&T in the UK and Netherlands, I decided to work full-time as a private software trainer. 
	After spending four years in the beautiful city of Budapest, Hungary and a year in Berlin, I now live in my home town of Derby, UK.
	
============================	

